Project Initiation Document Conformance
    checking using activity and trace
                 embeddings

                 Group 5

              December 2020




                    1
Contents
1 Introduction                                                                                              3

2 Business Case                                                                                             3
  2.1 Client                                                           .................................    3
  2.2 Example 1: Online Shopping Platform . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                     3
  2.3 Example 2: Analyzing Repair Process . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                     4
  2.4 Bene ts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               4

3 Feasibility Study                                                                                         5
  3.1 Theoretical and Technical Feasibility . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 5
  3.2 Use Cases . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               6
      3.2.1                      Python . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .             6
      3.2.2             Conformance Checking . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                        6

4 Project Charter                                                                                           7

5 Tools                                                                                                     9
  5.1 Trello                                                         .................................      9
  5.2 GitLab of the RWTH Aachen University . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                      9
  5.3 PM4Py . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 9

6 Team                                                                                                     10
  6.1 Personal Description . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                               10
      6.1.1                       AAAAAA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                   10
      6.1.2                  BBBBBBB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                     10
      6.1.3                  CCCCCCCC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                        10
      6.1.4               DDDDDDDD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                       11
      6.1.5                     EEEEEEE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                    11
      6.1.6                     FFFFFFFFF . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                      11
  6.2 Roles .                                                   .................................          12

7 Phase review                                                                                             12
  7.1 AAAAAAAA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                     12
  7.2 BBBBBBBBB . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                  13
  7.3 CCCCCCCC . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                       13
  7.4 DDDDDDDDDD . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                 13
  7.5 EEEEEEEEEE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                   13
  7.6 FFFFFFFFFFFF . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .                                   14




                                                     2
1     Introduction
In this project, we aim to implement software for conformance checking using
activity and trace embedding for the A1 GmbH, which is a consulting
company wanting to optimize their service. This initiation document contains
every detail for initiating this project.
In chapter 2, the business cases, for which the product will be developed, will
be presented. The nancial importance of our product for the client will be
explained and two scenarios where our product can be used to improve the
service provided by the A1 GmbH will be listed.
In chapter 3, to discuss the feasibility of our product, the concepts and tools
that will be used to implement our product will be introduced. Two use cases
will also be given to show the applicability of our product.
In chapter 4, a GANTT chart outlining the time frame of our project, and its
explanation will be provided.
In chapter 5, tools that will be used in this project and the reason why we
choose to use these tools will be given.
In the nal chapter, an overview of our development team will be provided, which
contains information about our background, academic interests, strengths, and
weaknesses as well as the roles assigned to each member of our team.


2     Business Case
2.1   Client
Our client A1 GmbH is a consulting company that o ers business solution prod-
ucts to its customers based on process mining. Current products utilize the
PM4Py library for process mining. The products are o ered in forms of services,
which leads to a high scalability of the product line. A1 GmbH is expecting to
achieve more diversity in its product family, such that it results in a broad
customer spectrum. They are expecting to enrich their process mining products
with strong conformance checking features provided by OURPRODUCT. The
following paragraphs will provide two exemplary use cases. The examples show
that the solutions provided by A1 GmbH to its customers can be clearly im-proved
by applying OURPRODUCT, leading to higher revenue for A1 GmbH.


2.2   Example 1: Online Shopping Platform
B1 GmbH is an online shopping platform with many di erent types of items.
Improving customer experiences is critical for achieving more sales, which can be
accomplished by avoiding redundant steps during the order process. B1 GmbH is
expecting to o er a better customer experience by examining cus-tomer
behaviors, which start from accessing the shopping platform and end


                                       3
with placing an order or leaving the website. Every action executed by cus-
tomers will be internally documented. This produces su cient data not only for
applying OURPRODUCT’s advanced process mining techniques but also for
applying its robust conformance checking methods. B1 GmbH will be able to
adjust their platform according to the obtained overview of customer behavior
using OURPRODUCT. B1 GmbH is planning to purchase the service from A1
GmbH since it has shown its adaptability and e ectiveness to their business
cases. Important criteria of B1 GmbH for applying OURPRODUCT are:
 i. Improvement of customer experience
 ii. Higher Conversion Rate

2.3   Example 2: Analyzing Repair Process
C1 GmbH is a mobile device manufacturer with diverse product lines such as
smartphones, tablet PCs, and Laptops. Besides the quality and the price com-
petitiveness of the products, C1 GmbH is putting e ort into improving customer
services during the repair process. This can result in a better reputation for C1
GmbH, which will result in bene ts while competing with other manufacturers on
the market. They have been using optimized processes for handling cus-tomers’
requests, and are expecting to achieve more e ciency. Every step in a repair
process will be documented due to customer production law. This will result in a
su cient amount of data, which can be used by OURPRODUCT’s advanced
process mining and conformance checking approach. With the help of
OURPRODUCT, C1 GmbH will be able to reduce customer complaints during the
repair process, by predicting when and why the products can cause defects. The
important criteria of C1 GmbH for applying OURPRODUCT is:

 i. Avoiding redundant steps during the repair process for better customer
    experience
 ii. Finding and solving the weaknesses of the current processes of repair
     ser-vices

2.4   Bene ts
OURPRODUCT can be applied by A1 GmbH in various aspects. A1 GmbH
can o er its existing products to its customers in combination with
OURPROD-UCT to meet the increasing demand and complexity of data
analytics in the market. The above two examples also show that the
application of OURPROD-UCT is not limited to speci c areas of the industry.
Considering these factors, A1 GmbH will be able to achieve high revenue
after exceeding the break-even point, which was set initial investment on the
cost of purchasing and adapting OURPRODUCT to its product line.




                                       4
3     Feasibility Study
3.1    Theoretical and Technical Feasibility
The eld of process mining is divided into two main research areas - discovery
and conformance checking. Our product will focus on the latter due to the
availability of a wide range of tools for the former, e.g. alpha miner [5] and its
improved variants. Given a model, one wants to assess its quality. For this,
the model is usually compared to real-world process logs. As these models
and logs are in most cases large, automated approaches are necessary. The
already proposed methods can be approximately divided into two groups: log
replay based and trace alignment based [6]. To outperform these existing
approaches, we want to try a completely new method based on embeddings
as proposed in the work by Peeperkorn et al. [3]. The usage of a novel
method immediately raises the question of feasibility. The main concerns are:
    1. Is the approach fast enough?
    2. How high is the implementation time?
    3. Does the novel approach deliver good results?

Performance The performance of an algorithm is a critical factor for the
practical employment of the method. If the time to completion of an algorithm
is too high, it might not be feasible to use it in a production setting. The
approach we want to take has already been investigated for performance [3],
showing technical feasibility of the processing of large event logs on a
moderate processor. If higher performance is necessary, this could be
achieved by faster machines, performance optimizations of the code (e.g.
using a more native programming language like C/C++ or Rust), or the usage
of parallelization (e.g. processing multiple parts of the log in parallel).

Implementation To accelerate the implementation of OURPRODUCT we want
two take a two-fold approach: First, we will utilize the "standing on the shoulders
of giants"-principle by using existing well-performing libraries and frameworks like
Python, PM4Py [1] and NumPy [2]. Please also refer to the following subsection
for further details on these. Second, we can base our ap-proach on the work ow
outlined in the work of Peeperkorn et al. [3]. For further details regarding our
schedule please refer to the GANTT chart provided below.

Quality The correct behavior of the approach was already veri ed [3]. Addi-
tionally, one can swap out individual parts of the approach with di erent algo-
rithms. Together with the parameter space, this delivers room for
improvement of the quality if necessary.




                                         5
3.2     Use Cases
3.2.1   Python
Mathematics can be seen as a core discipline present in all kinds of sciences like
physics, chemistry and, biology as many problems in those elds are solved using
mathematical tools. Therefore, most scientists have a good grasp of how to
describe eld-speci c tasks in the universal language of mathematics. Today, in
the age of computers, a new joint-discipline has arisen: powerful computers can
be used to tackle complicated tasks that could not be solved before. To do this,
however, one needs to know a programming language to reformulate a problem
so that a computer can solve it. For many programming languages, this often
means that one needs to be able to think like a computer scientist. Because many
experts have never dealt with any aspect of computer science, this poses a
problem because, now, two people are needed to perform one task
- one person with expertise in a given domain and one person with expertise
in computer science.
The programming language Python aims to loosen this dependency by using
formulations that look similar to mathematical expressions and by providing
libraries for almost any scienti c discipline. Examples, among many more, are
Astropy for astronomy, Biopython for biology, Matplotlib and Seaborn for any
kind of data visualization and Numpy for e cient computation of all kinds of
mathematical calculations.
Summarizing, the bene ts of using Python in a scienti c environment are:
   • Simplicity: fast translation of scienti c tasks/ problems into the Python
     programming language without prior knowledge in computer science.
   • Availability: huge amount of well-documented, domain-speci c libraries
     that are often based on scienti c papers.
   • Versatility: Python can be used for almost anything ranging from pure
     mathematical calculations to big applications with a graphical user inter-
     face.

3.2.2   Conformance Checking

The Seoul National University Bundang Hospital (SNUBH) is one of the major
hospitals in Korea with 1,356 beds and more than 4,500 patients that visit the
hospital every day. Such numbers make the healthcare processes very
compli-cated and therefore the hospital would like to see if the processes that
patients actually follow still match the standard processes of the hospital. This
gets even more interesting, as the standard model of the hospital dates back
to a time where there were fewer patients. To nd out if the standard model
was still up to date, the Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology
(UNIST) ap-plied methods from the eld of conformance checking to compare
the standard model with the actual processes. [4]


                                        6
    1. The event log was extracted from the hospital information system and
       contained:
          • About 120,000 cases (treated patients)
          • About 700,000 events (activities performed for these patients)
          • 15 di erent tasks
    2. Together with the medical professionals, the following questions were posed:

          • Does the standard model explain actual patients’ movements in
            the hospital?
          • How much of increase in patients is allowed?
          • Are the process patterns di erent depending on the patient types?
    3. The results were as follows:
          • It was found that the actual outpatient care processes were much
            more complex than depicted in the standard model. However, the
            medical sta explained this with the fact that the standard model
            only shows the most important ows. Apart from that, the profes-
            sionals were not able to nd any undesired deviations in the derived
            model which means that the processes are well-managed by the
            hos-pital.
          • An increase of patients of less than 10% was advised by the data
            analysts to prevent a big increase in the consultation waiting time
            for patients
          • Further analysis found that there were di erences in process
            patterns between new patients and returning patients and that new
            patients stayed longer than returning patients. The results of the
            pattern analysis were used to develop a smart healthcare system
            in the hos-pital. Patients can now use a smartphone to nd their
            route that is recommended based on the pattern analysis result.
The results show that the overall process model of the hospital is still up to
date, even with the increase of patients. Through the pattern analysis, a
smart app could be developed to make the patients’ journey through the
hospital easier and more e cient. Additionally, the medical experts were
informed that a large increase in patients might result in much higher
consultation waiting times for the patients. The sta of the hospital were
impressed by the results and requested further analyses concerning the call
center and the payment process models.


4      Project Charter
The timeline of our project can be seen in the following GANTT Chart:


                                          7
                                                                                12/20                          1/21                  2/21
                                                                   2   6
                                                                           13               20   27   3   10      17   24   31   7     14   21




   Conformance checking usi...                 start      end

    Project Initiation                         03/12/20 11/12/20
      Workload Distribution                    03/12      04/12
      Preparing the document                   04/12      08/12
      Final Discussion                         09/12      09/12
      Submission of Project Initiation         11/12      11/12

    Requirements Engineering                   11/12/20 23/12/20
      Workload Distribution                    11/12      12/12
      Requirements Analysis                    12/12      15/12

      Allocation and Flow-down of Require...   16/12      20/12
      Final Discussion                         21/12      21/12
      Submission of Requirements Engineer...   23/12      23/12

    Sprint 1                                   23/12/20 15/01/21
      Workload distribution and Planning       23/12      23/12

      Coding + Documentation                   23/12      12/01

      Final Discussion                         13/01      13/01

      Submission of Code + Documentation       15/01      15/01

    Sprint 2                                   15/01/21 29/01/21

      Workload distribution and Planning       15/01      15/01

      Coding + Documentation                   15/01      26/01

      Final Discussion                         27/01      27/01

      Submission of Code + Documentation       29/01      29/01

    Sprint 3                                   29/01/21 12/02/21

      Workload distribution and Planning       29/01      29/01

      Coding + Documentation                   29/01      09/02

      Final Discussion                         10/02      10/02

      Submission of Code + Documentation       12/02      12/02

    Testing and Assesment                      12/02/21 26/02/21

      Testing                                  12/02      21/02

      Final Discussion                         22/02      24/02

      Project Submission                       26/02      26/02




Our plan follows a distinct pattern. We always start with a Planning phase, which
mostly consists of workload distribution and planning of any internal deadlines.
Then every team member has time to accomplish his tasks until the Final
Discussion deadline, which is for the most part a couple of days before any given
milestone. The deadlines are not set with too much time after them, since we
believe that feedback should not only be given at a strict time but at any time,
giving the corresponding person enough time to x any mistakes and not waste
any time on things that may ultimately need to be changed completely. These
deadlines are nonetheless a few days before the milestones since it is also
important to gather our feedback and re ect on what we’ve accomplished, whilst
also having some time for any small changes before the milestone.
Our sprints are roughly 2 weeks each, with 11 days for development and
docu-mentation, followed by 3 days for discussions and nal changes.
The main Milestones and their respective dates of our project are the submis-
sions of any work product connected to the following:
   • Project Initiation: 11 December 2020 (23:59:59 CET)
   • Requirements Engineering: 23 December 2020 (23:59:59 CET)
   • Sprint 1: 15 January 2021 (23:59:59 CET)
   • Sprint 2: 29 January 2021 (23:59:59 CET)
   • Sprint 3: 12 February 2021 (23:59:59 CET)
   • Testing and Assessment: 26 February 2021 (23:59:59 CET)


                                                                                        8
It is important to note that this is a preliminary planning of our project, which is
subject to change due to the current COVID-19 pandemic, as well as any
personal/professional hurdles that may arise during the execution of the project.


5     Tools
5.1    Trello
We use Trello, which is a web-based platform to assist, organize, and plan
our project. Every member of our group has access to plenty of useful tools
that helps with our teamwork and the de nition of tasks. In this platform, we
can create lists and divide them into smaller tasks, which allows us to assign
them to our team members. To enhance our project, we mark the most
important tasks with proper color labels and set deadlines. If someone nishes
his work, he can check the list and complete the assigned task. Altogether,
Trello is a user-friendly platform, that plays a signi cant part in our project.

Link to our Trello board: Group 5 Trello

5.2    GitLab of the RWTH Aachen University
RWTH Aachen is a member university of NFDI4Ing and the students have
the admission to use DFN AAI Single Sign-On to create projects and groups.
We use GitLab of the RWTH Aachen University to manage our own Git-
repository so that each team member has access to our project and to
increase the quality of the code. Besides, this website has other functions as
an issue-tracking-system, a wiki, and an option to review codes. The
advantage of utilizing GitLab is that external users can authenticate via
GitHub, however, they do not have the access to create groups and projects.

Link to our repository: Group 5 GitLab

5.3    PM4Py
To implement conformance checking in Python, we use the library, PM4Py,
which supports every tool for process mining algorithms. It is an open-source
tool and intended to be used in both academia and industry projects, which is
developed by the Fraunhofer Institute for Applied Information Technology.
This library provides a simpli ed interface for conformance checking, which
has two important techniques: token-based replay and alignments. Therefore,
PM4Py is fundamental to complete our project.




                                         9
6       Team
6.1     Personal Description
6.1.1    AAAAAAAAA

I am a bachelor computer science student in 5th semester at RWTH Aachen Uni-
versity, with business administration as a secondary subject. I have experiences
with solving simple problems using Java, C and Python, and I am currently
learning iOS application development. I am very interested in applying theories
from computer science to solve practical problems, and that have led me to
process mining. My strength lies in applying existing methods and developing
them furthermore to solve new problems. But since I lack in practical expe-
riences regarding that capability, I believe that this lab course is an excellent
opportunity for me. I am expecting to enhance my Python skills and mainly the
knowledges about process mining through working in a group to solve practical
issues. Furthermore, I am expecting to study more about this eld in upcoming
semesters, after earning an initial experience from this course.

6.1.2    BBBBBBBBBBB

I am a Computer Science student in 5th semester at RWTH Aachen
University with Electronics as my secondary subject. I have basic knowledge
in C, Python and Java, and tried to solve problems in Embedded Software
Development, Data Science and Software Engineering. Because of large
interest in Data Mining, I attend many courses about it in this semester, for
instance, Machine Learning and Introduction to Data Science, which I think
maybe helpful for nishing this project. Process Mining is also an important
theme in Data Science, so I decide to attend this course. In this project I hope
I can work in a team to complete the given tasks, so that I can learn more
about Process Mining and improve my programming skills.

6.1.3    CCCCCCCCCCCCC
I am a Computer Science Bachelor student at RWTH Aachen University with
Medicine as a secondary subject. So far I’ve dabbled with all sorts of program-
ming languages such as JS, Java, Haskell, C++, C#, etc. in my programming
journey. One of the newest additions to my arsenal is Python. I have mainly used
Python in Coding Challenges, which I enjoy doing as a way to keep my mind
sharp and adaptive to all sorts of situations, as problem-solving is, in my opinion,
the most important quality in programming. I’ve also taken the course "Intro to
scienti c programming with Python", which gave me a brief overview of the
applications of Python in Data Science. This is the reason I decided to attend this
Praktikum. Another great aspect of this project is the ability to earn rst-hand
experience in project management and teamwork. I tend to focus more on the
practical implementations of algorithms, rather than the theory behind them. That
said I’ve gained substantial knowledge of various


                                        10
algorithms throughout my studies. I am really looking forward to seeing this
project through.

6.1.4   DDDDDDDDDDDDDD
I am studying Computer Science Bachelor at RWTH Aachen University, with
Business Administration as a secondary subject. I have gained basic knowledge
in Java, C and Python by attending various of courses in the university and have
practical experience with program C as working as an academic assistant. After
participating the course Database and Information System and Business Process
Intelligence, I started to get interested in Data science and look forward discover
much more about this eld, which includes Process Mining. Furthermore, I applied
for this project, to gain knowledge about Process Mining and to improve my
programming skills in Python. Therefore, it is a great opportunity for me,
participating in this project, to expand my practical experience. Through this
course, I expect to work together with our group as a team to accomplish the
given tasks and successfully complete our project.

6.1.5   EEEEEEEEEEEEE
I am currently pursuing my Bachelor’s degree in computer science at the RWTH
Aachen University with psychology as an application subject. I was always
stunned by the fact that computers seemed to be able to attain human intel-
ligence and beat them, for example, in games that they, themselves invented.
This led me to the eld of machine learning and subsequently to the broader eld of
data science which demysti ed the so-called arti cial intelligence for me.
Currently, I possess a lot of theoretical knowledge about various machine
learning and data science algorithms and I now aim to learn more about the
practical applications of those methods, which is why I chose the subject of pro-
cess mining. I am looking forward to working together with my team members and
I hope to be able to contribute to a successful outcome of our project by using my
theoretical knowledge and my Python programming skills.

6.1.6   FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF

I started coding in secondary school for my "Jugend forscht" projects. I am
thus an experienced programmer looking into expanding his theoretical
knowledge by the study of computer science at the RWTH Aachen University
aiming for a B. Sc. at the end of next semester. My main interest lies in the
applications of computer science in other domains to accelerate research and
innovation. This often includes the application of data science. Process
mining is an interesting sub- eld of data science showing some very useful
applications which easily give high bene t to process managers & engineers.
During the lab, I want to get hands-on experience with process mining after
taking a theoretical introductory course by Prof. Wil van der Aalst.




                                        11
6.2   Roles
Scrum Master: AAAAAA As a scrum master, he is responsible for the
organizational environments of his team to create a high-value product. He
must manage the Trello Board and GitLab of the project, assign tasks to each
member and help the team to approach their work without di culty.

O cial Communication/Product Owner: BBBBBB He is re-sponsible for
establishing a communication channel between our group and teaching
assistants. He will be arranging meetings, delivering tasks and requests so
that the project can achieve its goal in an optimal way.

Tools Administration: CCCCCCCCCC As a tools administrator, he should
have a good understanding of the tools we might need during the project and
be able to introduce everyone on the team to them to assure seamless
integration of the tools in our work ow.

Theory Expert: DDDDDDD As our theory expert, Robin needs to know the
used algorithms and their theoretical background in detail and he should be
able to answer any questions that other team members might have
concerning the underlying scienti c paper.

Software Expert: EEEEEEEEE Working as a software expert, he should be
the team member who is very familiar with Python, PM4Py and other libraries
that we will use.

Test Management: FFFFFFFF As the test manager, he is respon-sible for the
organization and orchestration of tests.


7     Phase review
7.1   AAAAAAAAA
"I am very satis ed with the overall procedure that our team has taken to nish
our rst task in this project. Even though everything should have been done
online due to COVID-19 Pandemic, every team member was responsible and
nished their assignments. In case of con icts, we tried to listen to each other’s
preferences and nd the best solution which could satisfy both. Now that every
team member has found their positions in this project, and they got used to
cooperation tools like Trello and Slack, I am expecting more e cient teamwork
in upcoming phases of this project"




                                       12
7.2   BBBBBBBB
"This is the rst phase of our project. I was scared that lack of communication
might cause serious problems at the beginning, but now I would say that we
nished it somehow perfectly. All communication seemed to ow well, and
members were very active in giving their opinions. We held a short meeting at
rst to divide this long document into many short pieces, then we only focused
on our own part and took a review to the other parts, this made us work e
ciently. Overall, the rst phase is a good starting phase for all of us, so I am
con dent that we can nish this project perfectly."

7.3   CCCCCCCC
"I entered this project being somewhat unsure of how well we will be able to
work together as a team. Due to the current COVID-19 events I expected
some problems with our planning and overall communication. All my worries
proved to be unfounded. I am happy to say that ever since our rst meeting we
were able to accomplish our tasks swiftly without compromising the quality of
our work. Our communication and planning also went smoothly thanks to the
tools we used to implement in our work ow. Overall I think this rst phase of
our project was a great success and I am really looking forward to working
together and seeing this project through."

7.4   DDDDDDDDD
\I am very excited to have my rst practical experience participating in a soft-ware
project with my great team. Due to current situation of COVID-19 Pan-demic, it
was not possible for us to have our rst meeting in person, however we managed
to organize and plan through our project. Our teamwork went uently by utilizing
platform as Trello to assign tasks for each member and check the nished tasks.
We communicated through Slack and kept on giving feedbacks to each other.
Thankfully, we were always ready to quickly response and improve the quality of
our project. We nished our rst assignments and expect us to complete the
upcoming phases of this project without di culties"

7.5   EEEEEEEEE
"This is the rst software project where I am working together with a team. The
most exciting part for me was, that we all did not know each other before-
hand and therefore I was not sure if the project coordination would work out.
Surprisingly, our rst online meeting was very productive and we were able to
assign tasks to every group member and that without any con icts. This was
di erent to other group assignments I did in the past, where I mostly knew my
fellow group members and we therefore often ended up talking more about
leisure than about the actual work. Because of this, I am con dent that the
following weeks are going to be productive and I am looking forward to
continue working on our project."


                                        13
7.6   FFFFFFF
"First, I was unsure whether we would manage to organize us as a team due
to the reduced communication implied by the COVID-19 pandemic. But we
did a good job without a personal meeting. With the help of the various online
tools, we could work very e ciently - maybe even more e cient than with a
regular in-person group meeting. For the situations, where a personal
discussion was more appropriate, we concluded two Zoom meetings. We
established some good communication protocols and formed a well-
organized team, so I expect productive teamwork in the next weeks!"


References
[1] Alessandro Berti, Sebastiaan J. van Zelst, and Wil M. P. van der Aalst.
    Process mining for python (PM4Py): Bridging the gap between process-
    and data science. In Proceedings of the ICPM Demo Track 2019, co-
    located with 1st International Conference on Process Mining (ICPM 2019),
    Aachen, Germany, June 24-26, 2019., page 13{16, 2019.
[2] Charles R. Harris, K. Jarrod Millman, Stefan J van der Walt, Ralf
    Gommers, Pauli Virtanen, David Cournapeau, Eric Wieser, Julian Tay-lor,
    Sebastian Berg, Nathaniel J. Smith, Robert Kern, Matti Picus, Stephan
    Hoyer, Marten H. van Kerkwijk, Matthew Brett, Allan Haldane,
    Jaime Fernandez del R o, Mark Wiebe, Pearu Peterson, Pierre Gerard-
    Marchant, Kevin Sheppard, Tyler Reddy, Warren Weckesser, Hameer Ab-
    basi, Christoph Gohlke, and Travis E. Oliphant. Array programming with
    NumPy. Nature, 585:357{362, 2020.
[3] Jari Peeperkorn, Seppe vanden Broucke, and Jochen De Weerdt. Con-
    formance checking using activity and trace embeddings. In Lecture Notes
    in Business Information Processing, pages 105{121. Springer
    International Publishing, 2020.
[4] Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology.                Pro-
    cess Mining    at Seoul National University           Bundang Hospi-
    tal,    2014.          https://www.tf-pm.org/resources/casestudy/
         process-mining-at-seoul-national-university-bundang-hospital.
[5] W. van der Aalst, T. Weijters, and L. Maruster. Work ow mining: discov-
    ering process models from event logs. IEEE Transactions on Knowledge
    and Data Engineering, 16(9):1128{1142, September 2004.
[6] Wil van der Aalst. Data Science in Action. Springer Berlin Heidelberg,
    2016.




                                      14
